## CITY OF CORAL GABLES,  FLORIDA

## RESOLUTION NO. 2024- 07

A RESOLUTION OF THE CITY COMMISSION ACCEPTING THE RECOMMENDATION OF THE INNOVATION &amp; TECHNOLOGY DEPARTMENT ( IT) TO WAIVE THE COMPETITIVE PROCESS OF THE PROCUREMENT CODE AND CONTINUE PURCHASING AT&amp;T SOFTWARE AND HARDWARE MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT ON AN ONGOING BASIS AS A SPECIAL PROCUREMENT/ BID WAIVER,  PURSUANT TO SECTION 2-691 OF THE CITY' S PROCUREMENT CODE.

WHEREAS, the current 911 PSAP ecosystem utilized by the City was originally purchased by the City from AT&amp; T in 2019 and requires on-going maintenance and support to maintain the system. AT&amp;T is the only authorized support and maintenance provider for this ecosystem, which is comprised of hardware,  software support &amp; maintenance, voice and Internet circuits,  onsite and remote repair services; and

WHEREAS, to continue full functionality of all city's 911 systems, phone lines, IP circuits and internet circuits a renewal of the annual maintenance is required, it is recommended that the City continues its services,  software and hardware support and maintenance with AT&amp;T. This request is for an estimated annual amount of $385,000 or an amount not to exceed the available budget on an ongoing basis as long as the current system is in place; and

WHEREAS, the City is seeking approval to purchase the on-going maintenance, services and support for the existing 911 ecosystem from AT&amp; T via bid waiver;  and

WHEREAS, Section 2-585 of the Procurement Code, entitled " Authority"  authorizes the City Manager to delegate authority to the Procurement Officer to administer and make recommendations on contract awards;

## NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE CITY COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF CORAL GABLES:

SECTION 1.  The foregoing " WHEREAS" clauses are hereby ratified and confirmed as being true and correct and are hereby made a specific part of this Resolution upon adoption hereof.

SECTION 2. That the City Commission accepts the recommendation of the Innovation &amp; Technology Department and authorizes the City to continue purchase maintenance, services and hardware and software support with AT&amp;T annual maintenance service,  via bid waiver on an ongoing basis at an estimated annual amount of $ 385,000 or in an amount not to exceed the available budget pursuant to Section 2-691 of the City's Procurement Code.

Page 1 of 2 - Resolution No. 2024-07

herein.

SECTION 3.  That this Resolution shall become effective upon its passage and adoption

PASSED AND ADOPTED THIS NINTH DAY OF JANUARY, A.D., 2024. Moved:  Anderson /  Seconded:  Fernandez) Yeas: Castro, Fernandez, Menendez, Anderson, Lago) Unanimous:  5-0 Vote) Agenda Item: H-2)

APPROVED:

<!-- image -->

VINCE LAGO MAYOR

APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGAL SUFFICIENCY:

<!-- image -->

CRISTINA M. SUÀREZ CITY ATTORNEY

9A595ED64D304E8.

Page 2 of 2 - Resolution No. 2024-07

ATTEST:

<!-- image -->

BILLY Y. URQUIA CITY CLERK